Develop test framework 👩‍🔬 (#37)
mozilla/burnham: bigquery/README.md

# burnham-bigquery

> Test framework for verifying [Glean telemetry][Glean] in Big Query. 👩‍🔬

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test framework for verifying [Glean telemetry][Glean] in BigQuery. 👩‍🔬
```

The product name is BigQuery with no space.

## Development status

This project is under active development. Do not use it in production. 🚧

## Usage

The framework accepts JSON-encoded test run information:

```json
{
  "identifier": "<TEST RUN ID>",
  "tests": [
    {
      "name": "test_labeled_counter",

>       "sql": "<SQL>",

Reviewer: I would have a slight preference for calling this "query" rather than "sql", but either is fine.

>       "rows": [

Reviewer: Perhaps this could be called "expected" rather than "rows" to make it clear it's expected output rather than an input to the test.

Author: That's great feedback. I renamed `rows` to `want` to clarify what this parameter is for:

```python
def test_burnham(bq_client: Client, query: str, want: List[Any]):
    """Test that the Glean telemetry in BigQuery matches what we expect."""

    job = bq_client.query(query)
    got = [row for row in job.result()]

    assert got == want
```
